README.md, before:

# Mandate Pipeline

A document discovery and analysis system that automatically downloads UN General Assembly resolutions and proposals, extracts text, identifies mandate-related signals, and generates an interactive static website.

## Overview

The Mandate Pipeline automates the process of:
1. **Discovering** new UN documents from the UN ODS API
2. **Extracting** text and structure from PDFs
3. **Detecting** mandate-related signals using configurable phrase matching
4. **Linking** related documents (resolutions to proposals)
5. **Generating** a static website for browsing and analysis

## Quick Start

```bash
# Install dependencies
pip install -e .

# Run full pipeline (all five stages)
mandate build --config ./config --data ./data --output ./docs --verbose

# Or run specific stages
mandate discover --config ./config --data ./data --verbose          # Stage 1: Discovery
mandate generate --config ./config --data ./data --output ./docs   # Stages 2-5: Extraction, Detection, Linking, Generation
```

## Project Structure

```
mandate-pipeline/
├── config/                    # Configuration files
│   ├── checks.yaml           # Signal detection rules
│   └── patterns.yaml         # Document patterns to discover
├── data/                      # Persistent data
│   ├── pdfs/                 # Downloaded PDF documents
│   └── state.json            # Discovery sync state
├── docs/                      # Generated static website
├── src/mandate_pipeline/      # Core Python package
│   ├── cli.py                # Command-line interface
│   ├── discovery.py          # Stage 1: Document discovery
│   ├── downloader.py         # PDF download from UN servers
│   ├── extractor.py          # Stage 2: Text extraction
│   ├── detection.py          # Stage 3: Signal detection
│   ├── linking.py            # Stage 4: Document linkage
│   ├── generation.py         # Stage 5: Site generation
│   └── templates/            # Jinja2 HTML templates
└── tests/                     # Test suite
```

## Pipeline Architecture

The pipeline consists of five sequential stages that transform UN documents from discovery to an interactive website:

### Stage 1: Discovery (`discovery.py`)

The `discover` command finds and downloads new UN documents.

**Process:**
1. Load document patterns from `config/patterns.yaml`
2. For each pattern, generate sequential symbols (e.g., A/80/L.1, A/80/L.2, ...)
3. Check if each document exists via UN ODS API
4. Download found PDFs to `data/pdfs/`
5. Stop after 3 consecutive 404s (configurable)
6. Save progress to `data/state.json`

**Key Features:**
- **Incremental**: Only checks documents newer than last sync
- **Adaptive**: Resets miss counter on successful finds (handles numbering gaps)
- **Stateful**: Progress persisted between runs

### Stage 2: Extraction (`extractor.py`)

Extracts structured content from PDF documents.

**Process:**
- Extract full text using PyMUPDF
- Parse operative paragraphs (numbered sections)
- Extract document title
- Find agenda item references
- Identify UN symbol references

### Stage 3: Detection (`detection.py`)

Identifies mandate-related signals in document text.

**Process:**
- Match phrases from `config/checks.yaml` against paragraphs
- Case-insensitive substring matching
- Each paragraph can trigger multiple signals

### Stage 4: Linking (`linking.py`)

Builds relationships between documents (resolutions ↔ proposals).

**Process:**
1. **Classification**: Classify documents (resolution/proposal/other)
2. **Explicit Linking**: Link via symbol references found in text (100% confidence)
3. **Fuzzy Matching**: Link via title similarity (85%+ threshold)
4. **Annotation**: Mark proposals as "adopted" when linked to resolutions

### Stage 5: Generation (`generation.py`)

Creates the static website and data exports.

**Process:**
1. Load all processed documents
2. Generate HTML pages (index, documents, signals, patterns, matrix)
3. Create machine-readable exports (data.json, search-index.json)
4. Apply Jinja2 templates for consistent styling

## Data Flow

The five stages process data sequentially:

```
UN ODS API
    ↓
[Stage 1: Discovery] → data/state.json
    ↓
data/pdfs/*.pdf
    ↓
[Stage 2: Extraction] → Text, paragraphs, titles, references
    ↓
[Stage 3: Detection] → Matched phrases per paragraph
    ↓
[Stage 4: Linking] → Resolution ↔ Proposal relationships
    ↓
[Stage 5: Generation]
    ↓
docs/                 (static website)
├── index.html       (dashboard)
├── documents/       (individual pages)
├── signals/         (filter by signal)
├── patterns/        (filter by pattern)
├── matrix/          (pattern × signal)
├── data.json        (machine-readable export)
└── search-index.json
```

## Configuration

### patterns.yaml

Defines which document symbols to discover:

```yaml
patterns:
  - name: "General Assembly resolutions"
    template: "A/RES/{session}/{number}"
    session: 80
    start: 1

  - name: "General Assembly proposals"
    template: "A/{session}/L.{number}"
    session: 80
    start: 1

  - name: "C1 proposals"
    template: "A/C.{committee}/{session}/L.{number}"
    committee: 1
    session: 80
    start: 1
```

- `template`: Symbol format with `{variable}` placeholders
- `session`, `committee`: Fixed values substituted into template
- `{number}`: Auto-incrementing counter
- `start`: Initial number for this pattern

### checks.yaml

Defines signal detection rules:

```yaml
checks:
  - signal: "agenda"
    phrases:
      - "decides to include"
      - "decides to place on the provisional agenda"
      - "requests the inclusion"

  - signal: "PGA"
    phrases:
      - "President of the General Assembly"
      - "high-level meeting"

  - signal: "report"
    phrases:
      - "report to the General Assembly"
      - "submit a report"
```

- `signal`: Name of the signal (used in website sections)
- `phrases`: List of phrases to match (case-insensitive)

## Email Signal Reports (GitHub Actions)

The `Email Signal Reports` workflow (`.github/workflows/email-signals.yml`) can run daily to
execute the pipeline and send one email per signal. Each email includes all resolutions for
that signal, with newly discovered resolutions listed first and bolded.

Manual runs (`workflow_dispatch`) default to a **dry run** that does not send email. Instead,
the workflow writes email previews to `./email-previews`, uploads them as a workflow artifact,
and lists the preview filenames in the GitHub Actions job summary.

### Required GitHub Secrets

Configure the SMTP or Mailgun secrets in your repository settings, plus recipients:

**Mailgun (optional, preferred if configured)**

- `MAILGUN_API_KEY`: Mailgun API key
- `MAILGUN_DOMAIN`: Mailgun sending domain
- `MAILGUN_FROM`: From address (defaults to `SMTP_FROM` if omitted)
- `MAILGUN_BASE_URL`: Override API base URL (e.g., `https://api.eu.mailgun.net/v3`) (optional)

**SMTP (fallback if Mailgun is not configured)**

- `SMTP_HOST`: SMTP server hostname
- `SMTP_PORT`: SMTP server port (default 587)
- `SMTP_USERNAME`: SMTP username (optional if server allows unauthenticated sends)
- `SMTP_PASSWORD`: SMTP password
- `SMTP_FROM`: From address (e.g., `mandate-bot@example.com`)
- `SMTP_USE_SSL`: `true` if you need implicit SSL (optional)
- `SMTP_STARTTLS`: `true` to use STARTTLS on standard ports (optional)

**Recipients**

- `SIGNAL_EMAIL_RECIPIENTS`: JSON mapping of signals to recipient lists

### Manual dry-run behavior

To override the default dry-run behavior, set `EMAIL_REPORT_DRY_RUN=false` in the workflow
environment. You can also set `EMAIL_REPORT_PREVIEW_DIR` to change where previews are written.

Example `SIGNAL_EMAIL_RECIPIENTS` secret:

```json
{
  "agenda": ["agenda-team@example.com"],
  "PGA": ["pga-team@example.com", "ops@example.com"],
  "default": ["ops@example.com"]
}
```

Signals without a configured recipient list are skipped unless a `default` list is provided.

## CLI Commands

### mandate discover

Discover and download new documents.

```bash
mandate discover \
  --config ./config \
  --data ./data \
  --max-misses 3 \
  --verbose
```

| Option | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| `--config` | Directory containing patterns.yaml |
| `--data` | Directory for state.json and pdfs/ |
| `--max-misses` | Stop after N consecutive 404s (default: 3) |
| `--verbose` | Log each document check |

### mandate generate

Generate static site from downloaded documents.

```bash
mandate generate \
  --config ./config \
  --data ./data \
  --output ./docs \
  --clean-output \
  --verbose
```

| Option | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| `--config` | Directory containing checks.yaml and patterns.yaml |
| `--data` | Directory with pdfs/ subdirectory |
| `--output` | Output directory for static site |
| `--clean-output` | Delete existing output directory contents before generation |
| `--verbose` | Log each document processed |

### mandate build

Run discover + generate (full pipeline).

```bash
mandate build \
  --config ./config \
  --data ./data \
  --output ./docs \
  --clean-output \
  --max-misses 3 \
  --verbose
```

## State Files

### data/state.json

Tracks discovery progress:

```json
{
  "last_sync": "2026-01-20T10:30:45.123456+00:00",
  "patterns": {
    "General Assembly resolutions": {
      "highest_found": 250
    },
    "General Assembly proposals": {
      "highest_found": 185
    }
  }
}
```

### docs/data.json

Complete metadata export for external tools:

```json
{
  "generated_at": "...",
  "checks": [...],
  "documents": [...],
  "stats": {
    "total_documents": 250,
    "documents_with_signals": 120,
    "signal_counts": {"agenda": 45, "report": 78}
  }
}
```

## GitHub Actions Automation

Two workflows automate the pipeline:

### discover.yml

- **Trigger**: Daily at 6 AM UTC or manual
- **Action**: Run `mandate discover`, commit new PDFs
- **Result**: `data/pdfs/` and `data/state.json` updated

### build-site.yml

- **Trigger**: Changes to data/pdfs/, config/, or src/
- **Action**: Run `mandate generate`, deploy to GitHub Pages
- **Result**: Static website updated

**Workflow Chain:**
```
Schedule (6 AM UTC)
    ↓
discover.yml
    ↓ (on success)
linkage-analysis.yml
    ↓ (triggers)
build-site.yml
```

## Key Algorithms

### Document Discovery

```
FOR EACH pattern:
  current = state.highest_found + 1
  consecutive_misses = 0

  WHILE consecutive_misses < max_misses:
    symbol = generate_symbol(pattern, current)

    IF exists_locally(symbol):
      current += 1
      CONTINUE

    IF exists_remote(symbol):
      download(symbol)
      consecutive_misses = 0
    ELSE:
      consecutive_misses += 1

    current += 1

  state.highest_found = current - consecutive_misses - 1
```

### Signal Detection

```
FOR EACH paragraph:
  FOR EACH check:
    FOR EACH phrase IN check.phrases:
      IF phrase.lower() IN paragraph.lower():
        signals[paragraph].append(check.signal)
        BREAK  # One match per check
```

### Document Linking

```
PASS 1: Explicit References
  FOR EACH resolution:
    FOR EACH symbol_reference:
      IF symbol_reference IS proposal:
        LINK(resolution → proposal, confidence=1.0)

PASS 2: Fuzzy Title Matching
  FOR EACH unlinked resolution:
    FOR EACH proposal:
      IF fuzzy_match(title) >= 85%:
        confidence = similarity + (0.05 IF agenda_overlap)
        LINK(resolution → proposal, confidence)
```

## Generated Website Structure

| Page | Purpose |
|------|---------|
| `index.html` | Dashboard with pattern × signal matrix |
| `documents/index.html` | All documents grouped by pattern |
| `documents/{symbol}.html` | Individual document detail |
| `signals/{signal}.html` | Documents with specific signal |
| `patterns/{pattern}.html` | Documents matching pattern |
| `matrix/{pattern}_{signal}.html` | Pattern × signal intersection |
| `data.json` | Machine-readable metadata |
| `search-index.json` | Client-side search index |

## Dependencies

**Core:**
- `requests` - HTTP requests to UN API
- `pymupdf` - PDF text extraction
- `pyyaml` - YAML configuration parsing
- `jinja2` - HTML template rendering
- `rapidfuzz` - Fuzzy string matching

**Development:**
- `pytest` - Testing framework
- `pytest-mock` - Mocking support

**Optional (web interface):**
- `fastapi` - Web API framework
- `uvicorn` - ASGI server

## Testing

```bash
# Run all tests
pytest tests/

# Run with verbose output
pytest tests/ -v

# Run only integration tests (real API calls)
pytest tests/ -m integration

# Run with coverage
pytest tests/ --cov=src/mandate_pipeline
```

## Extending the System

### Add New Document Patterns

Edit `config/patterns.yaml`:

```yaml
patterns:
  - name: "Security Council resolutions"
    template: "S/RES/{number}"
    start: 2700
```

### Add New Signals

Edit `config/checks.yaml`:

```yaml
checks:
  - signal: "budget"
    phrases:
      - "programme budget implications"
      - "financial implications"
      - "appropriation"
```

### Custom Extraction

Extend `src/mandate_pipeline/extractor.py` (Stage 2) to parse additional data from PDFs.

### Custom Detection Rules

Add new signals in `config/checks.yaml` and extend `src/mandate_pipeline/detection.py` (Stage 3) for custom detection logic.

### Custom Linking

Extend `src/mandate_pipeline/linking.py` (Stage 4) to implement additional document relationship analysis.

### Custom Reports

Extend `src/mandate_pipeline/generation.py` (Stage 5) to generate additional HTML pages or exports.

## License

MIT License

Commit message:

Generate markdown email previews only

README.md, after:

# Mandate Pipeline

A document discovery and analysis system that automatically downloads UN General Assembly resolutions and proposals, extracts text, identifies mandate-related signals, and generates an interactive static website.

## Overview

The Mandate Pipeline automates the process of:
1. **Discovering** new UN documents from the UN ODS API
2. **Extracting** text and structure from PDFs
3. **Detecting** mandate-related signals using configurable phrase matching
4. **Linking** related documents (resolutions to proposals)
5. **Generating** a static website for browsing and analysis

## Quick Start

```bash
# Install dependencies
pip install -e .

# Run full pipeline (all five stages)
mandate build --config ./config --data ./data --output ./docs --verbose

# Or run specific stages
mandate discover --config ./config --data ./data --verbose          # Stage 1: Discovery
mandate generate --config ./config --data ./data --output ./docs   # Stages 2-5: Extraction, Detection, Linking, Generation
```

## Project Structure

```
mandate-pipeline/
├── config/                    # Configuration files
│   ├── checks.yaml           # Signal detection rules
│   └── patterns.yaml         # Document patterns to discover
├── data/                      # Persistent data
│   ├── pdfs/                 # Downloaded PDF documents
│   └── state.json            # Discovery sync state
├── docs/                      # Generated static website
├── src/mandate_pipeline/      # Core Python package
│   ├── cli.py                # Command-line interface
│   ├── discovery.py          # Stage 1: Document discovery
│   ├── downloader.py         # PDF download from UN servers
│   ├── extractor.py          # Stage 2: Text extraction
│   ├── detection.py          # Stage 3: Signal detection
│   ├── linking.py            # Stage 4: Document linkage
│   ├── generation.py         # Stage 5: Site generation
│   └── templates/            # Jinja2 HTML templates
└── tests/                     # Test suite
```

## Pipeline Architecture

The pipeline consists of five sequential stages that transform UN documents from discovery to an interactive website:

### Stage 1: Discovery (`discovery.py`)

The `discover` command finds and downloads new UN documents.

**Process:**
1. Load document patterns from `config/patterns.yaml`
2. For each pattern, generate sequential symbols (e.g., A/80/L.1, A/80/L.2, ...)
3. Check if each document exists via UN ODS API
4. Download found PDFs to `data/pdfs/`
5. Stop after 3 consecutive 404s (configurable)
6. Save progress to `data/state.json`

**Key Features:**
- **Incremental**: Only checks documents newer than last sync
- **Adaptive**: Resets miss counter on successful finds (handles numbering gaps)
- **Stateful**: Progress persisted between runs

### Stage 2: Extraction (`extractor.py`)

Extracts structured content from PDF documents.

**Process:**
- Extract full text using PyMUPDF
- Parse operative paragraphs (numbered sections)
- Extract document title
- Find agenda item references
- Identify UN symbol references

### Stage 3: Detection (`detection.py`)

Identifies mandate-related signals in document text.

**Process:**
- Match phrases from `config/checks.yaml` against paragraphs
- Case-insensitive substring matching
- Each paragraph can trigger multiple signals

### Stage 4: Linking (`linking.py`)

Builds relationships between documents (resolutions ↔ proposals).

**Process:**
1. **Classification**: Classify documents (resolution/proposal/other)
2. **Explicit Linking**: Link via symbol references found in text (100% confidence)
3. **Fuzzy Matching**: Link via title similarity (85%+ threshold)
4. **Annotation**: Mark proposals as "adopted" when linked to resolutions

### Stage 5: Generation (`generation.py`)

Creates the static website and data exports.

**Process:**
1. Load all processed documents
2. Generate HTML pages (index, documents, signals, patterns, matrix)
3. Create machine-readable exports (data.json, search-index.json)
4. Apply Jinja2 templates for consistent styling

## Data Flow

The five stages process data sequentially:

```
UN ODS API
    ↓
[Stage 1: Discovery] → data/state.json
    ↓
data/pdfs/*.pdf
    ↓
[Stage 2: Extraction] → Text, paragraphs, titles, references
    ↓
[Stage 3: Detection] → Matched phrases per paragraph
    ↓
[Stage 4: Linking] → Resolution ↔ Proposal relationships
    ↓
[Stage 5: Generation]
    ↓
docs/                 (static website)
├── index.html       (dashboard)
├── documents/       (individual pages)
├── signals/         (filter by signal)
├── patterns/        (filter by pattern)
├── matrix/          (pattern × signal)
├── data.json        (machine-readable export)
└── search-index.json
```

## Configuration

### patterns.yaml

Defines which document symbols to discover:

```yaml
patterns:
  - name: "General Assembly resolutions"
    template: "A/RES/{session}/{number}"
    session: 80
    start: 1

  - name: "General Assembly proposals"
    template: "A/{session}/L.{number}"
    session: 80
    start: 1

  - name: "C1 proposals"
    template: "A/C.{committee}/{session}/L.{number}"
    committee: 1
    session: 80
    start: 1
```

- `template`: Symbol format with `{variable}` placeholders
- `session`, `committee`: Fixed values substituted into template
- `{number}`: Auto-incrementing counter
- `start`: Initial number for this pattern

### checks.yaml

Defines signal detection rules:

```yaml
checks:
  - signal: "agenda"
    phrases:
      - "decides to include"
      - "decides to place on the provisional agenda"
      - "requests the inclusion"

  - signal: "PGA"
    phrases:
      - "President of the General Assembly"
      - "high-level meeting"

  - signal: "report"
    phrases:
      - "report to the General Assembly"
      - "submit a report"
```

- `signal`: Name of the signal (used in website sections)
- `phrases`: List of phrases to match (case-insensitive)

## Email Signal Reports (GitHub Actions)

The `Email Signal Reports` workflow (`.github/workflows/email-signals.yml`) can run daily to
execute the pipeline and generate one markdown report per signal. Each report includes all
resolutions for that signal, with newly discovered resolutions listed first and bolded. The
workflow writes markdown previews to `./email-previews`, uploads them as a workflow artifact,
and lists the preview filenames plus an inlined markdown summary in the GitHub Actions job
summary.

### Required GitHub Secrets

**Recipients**

- `SIGNAL_EMAIL_RECIPIENTS`: JSON mapping of signals to recipient lists (optional; if omitted,
  all signals are included)

### Optional behavior

Set `EMAIL_REPORT_PREVIEW_DIR` to change where previews are written.

Example `SIGNAL_EMAIL_RECIPIENTS` secret:

```json
{
  "agenda": ["agenda-team@example.com"],
  "PGA": ["pga-team@example.com", "ops@example.com"],
  "default": ["ops@example.com"]
}
```

Signals without a configured recipient list are skipped unless a `default` list is provided.

## CLI Commands

### mandate discover

Discover and download new documents.

```bash
mandate discover \
  --config ./config \
  --data ./data \
  --max-misses 3 \
  --verbose
```

| Option | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| `--config` | Directory containing patterns.yaml |
| `--data` | Directory for state.json and pdfs/ |
| `--max-misses` | Stop after N consecutive 404s (default: 3) |
| `--verbose` | Log each document check |

### mandate generate

Generate static site from downloaded documents.

```bash
mandate generate \
  --config ./config \
  --data ./data \
  --output ./docs \
  --clean-output \
  --verbose
```

| Option | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| `--config` | Directory containing checks.yaml and patterns.yaml |
| `--data` | Directory with pdfs/ subdirectory |
| `--output` | Output directory for static site |
| `--clean-output` | Delete existing output directory contents before generation |
| `--verbose` | Log each document processed |

### mandate build

Run discover + generate (full pipeline).

```bash
mandate build \
  --config ./config \
  --data ./data \
  --output ./docs \
  --clean-output \
  --max-misses 3 \
  --verbose
```

## State Files

### data/state.json

Tracks discovery progress:

```json
{
  "last_sync": "2026-01-20T10:30:45.123456+00:00",
  "patterns": {
    "General Assembly resolutions": {
      "highest_found": 250
    },
    "General Assembly proposals": {
      "highest_found": 185
    }
  }
}
```

### docs/data.json

Complete metadata export for external tools:

```json
{
  "generated_at": "...",
  "checks": [...],
  "documents": [...],
  "stats": {
    "total_documents": 250,
    "documents_with_signals": 120,
    "signal_counts": {"agenda": 45, "report": 78}
  }
}
```

## GitHub Actions Automation

Two workflows automate the pipeline:

### discover.yml

- **Trigger**: Daily at 6 AM UTC or manual
- **Action**: Run `mandate discover`, commit new PDFs
- **Result**: `data/pdfs/` and `data/state.json` updated

### build-site.yml

- **Trigger**: Changes to data/pdfs/, config/, or src/
- **Action**: Run `mandate generate`, deploy to GitHub Pages
- **Result**: Static website updated

**Workflow Chain:**
```
Schedule (6 AM UTC)
    ↓
discover.yml
    ↓ (on success)
linkage-analysis.yml
    ↓ (triggers)
build-site.yml
```

## Key Algorithms

### Document Discovery

```
FOR EACH pattern:
  current = state.highest_found + 1
  consecutive_misses = 0

  WHILE consecutive_misses < max_misses:
    symbol = generate_symbol(pattern, current)

    IF exists_locally(symbol):
      current += 1
      CONTINUE

    IF exists_remote(symbol):
      download(symbol)
      consecutive_misses = 0
    ELSE:
      consecutive_misses += 1

    current += 1

  state.highest_found = current - consecutive_misses - 1
```

### Signal Detection

```
FOR EACH paragraph:
  FOR EACH check:
    FOR EACH phrase IN check.phrases:
      IF phrase.lower() IN paragraph.lower():
        signals[paragraph].append(check.signal)
        BREAK  # One match per check
```

### Document Linking

```
PASS 1: Explicit References
  FOR EACH resolution:
    FOR EACH symbol_reference:
      IF symbol_reference IS proposal:
        LINK(resolution → proposal, confidence=1.0)

PASS 2: Fuzzy Title Matching
  FOR EACH unlinked resolution:
    FOR EACH proposal:
      IF fuzzy_match(title) >= 85%:
        confidence = similarity + (0.05 IF agenda_overlap)
        LINK(resolution → proposal, confidence)
```

## Generated Website Structure

| Page | Purpose |
|------|---------|
| `index.html` | Dashboard with pattern × signal matrix |
| `documents/index.html` | All documents grouped by pattern |
| `documents/{symbol}.html` | Individual document detail |
| `signals/{signal}.html` | Documents with specific signal |
| `patterns/{pattern}.html` | Documents matching pattern |
| `matrix/{pattern}_{signal}.html` | Pattern × signal intersection |
| `data.json` | Machine-readable metadata |
| `search-index.json` | Client-side search index |

## Dependencies

**Core:**
- `requests` - HTTP requests to UN API
- `pymupdf` - PDF text extraction
- `pyyaml` - YAML configuration parsing
- `jinja2` - HTML template rendering
- `rapidfuzz` - Fuzzy string matching

**Development:**
- `pytest` - Testing framework
- `pytest-mock` - Mocking support

**Optional (web interface):**
- `fastapi` - Web API framework
- `uvicorn` - ASGI server

## Testing

```bash
# Run all tests
pytest tests/

# Run with verbose output
pytest tests/ -v

# Run only integration tests (real API calls)
pytest tests/ -m integration

# Run with coverage
pytest tests/ --cov=src/mandate_pipeline
```

## Extending the System

### Add New Document Patterns

Edit `config/patterns.yaml`:

```yaml
patterns:
  - name: "Security Council resolutions"
    template: "S/RES/{number}"
    start: 2700
```

### Add New Signals

Edit `config/checks.yaml`:

```yaml
checks:
  - signal: "budget"
    phrases:
      - "programme budget implications"
      - "financial implications"
      - "appropriation"
```

### Custom Extraction

Extend `src/mandate_pipeline/extractor.py` (Stage 2) to parse additional data from PDFs.

### Custom Detection Rules

Add new signals in `config/checks.yaml` and extend `src/mandate_pipeline/detection.py` (Stage 3) for custom detection logic.

### Custom Linking

Extend `src/mandate_pipeline/linking.py` (Stage 4) to implement additional document relationship analysis.

### Custom Reports

Extend `src/mandate_pipeline/generation.py` (Stage 5) to generate additional HTML pages or exports.

## License

MIT License
